In this video.
We're going to move over to our delete route handler.
Remember, that is going to be in charge of canceling a order.
We're going to go through the same process over there.
But rather than publishing an order created event, we're going to publish an order.
Cancel the event.
So over inside of delete at the very top, we will import our order cancelled.
Publisher.
From up one directory events publishers order cancelled publisher well then also get our Nats wrapper
from up one directory.
Nats wrapper.
Do you double check your spelling on order?
Canceled right there.
Easy place to make a typo.
So once we got those imports together, we'll go down to the comment we had left inside of here.
We'll create a new instance of the order.
Cancelled.
Publisher.
Now we'll pass in the nats client which is available through nats repr client.
We'll then call publish on the publisher.
And now on this object right here, we have to provide some information for the events data.
So we need to give the orders ID and the tickets ID as well.
Well, the orders ID is easy enough.
So the ID order ID.
Well, then give the ticket property and there must be an ID inside there.
Now, this is going to be just a little bit tricky.
If we look at the rest of this route handler, you'll notice that we don't actually have a reference
to the ticket that is associated with this order, and we did not even load it up when we fetch this
order from the database.
So we don't really know the ID of the ticket to put inside of here right now.
So to fix that up, we're going to find where we make a query on the database to get some information
about this order.
And we're going to make sure that we populate that ticket property.
So now when we fetch the order, we will also get the associated ticket along with it.
So now if we wanted to, we could access order a ticket that would give us the ticket that we were looking
for.
And so, in theory, we could get the ID of that ticket by doing ticket ID.
Okay.
So down inside this object right here, we'll put in order ticket ID.
Yes.
That should be it.
So let's save this.
And now that we've got all this stuff put together.
We need to take a look at how we're going to get our tests running around these.
So we should probably have some tests to make sure that we are publishing this event correctly and to
make sure that we are publishing the order created event as well whenever we either create a new order
or cancel it in order.
So let's start to fix up some tests in the next video.